Dominican Republic location country form of government Republic.	 	What form of government does Dominican Republic have?	Republic
Dominican Republic location country form of government Democracy.	 	What form of government does Dominican Republic have?	Democracy
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor olympics 1984 Summer Olympics.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	1984 Summer Olympics
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor olympics 2012 Summer Olympics.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	2012 Summer Olympics
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor olympics 2008 Summer Olympics.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	2008 Summer Olympics
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor olympics 2004 Summer Olympics.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	2004 Summer Olympics
Dominican Republic location statistical region gdp nominal per capita. measurement unit dated money value currency United States Dollar.		What is the nominal GDP per capita in Dominican Republic currency for the statistical region Dominican Republic?	United States Dollar
Dominican Republic location statistical region gdp nominal. measurement unit dated money value currency United States Dollar.		What is the nominal GDP for the statistical region Dominican Republic in Dominican Republic currency?	United States Dollar
Dominican Republic location statistical region gdp real. measurement unit adjusted money value adjustment currency United States Dollar.		What is the real GDP of the statistical region Dominican Republic in Dominican Republic currency?	United States Dollar
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor medal Bronze medal.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	Bronze medal
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor medal Silver medal.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	Silver medal

Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country medals won. olympics olympic medal honor medal Gold medal.		How many medals were won by the participating country Dominican Republic in the Olympics?	Gold medal
Dominican Republic base aareas schema administrative area administrative parent Earth.		What is the administrative parent of the administrative area Dominican Republic?	Earth
Dominican Republic olympics olympic participating country athletes. olympics olympic athlete affiliation olympics 2012 Summer Olympics.		Which Olympics are associated with the athletes participating in the Olympic participating country Dominican Republic?	2012 Summer Olympics
Dominican Republic base popstra location vacationers. base popstra vacation choice vacationer Kim Kardashian.		Who are the vacationers associated with the location Dominican Republic, and what are their vacation choices?	Kim Kardashian
Dominican Republic organization organization member member of. organization organization membership organization United Nations.		What was Dominican Republic honored for at the award ceremony?	United Nations
Dominican Republic organization organization member member of. organization organization membership organization World Bank.		What was Dominican Republic honored for at the award ceremony?	World Bank
Dominican Republic organization organization member member of. organization organization membership organization League of Nations.		What was Dominican Republic honored for at the award ceremony?	League of Nations
Dominican Republic location location contains Santo Domingo.		What locations are contained within the location Dominican Republic?	Santo Domingo
Dominican Republic location country official language Spanish Language.		What is the official language of the country Dominican Republic?	Spanish Language
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program regular cast. tv regular tv appearance actor Wendee Lee.	 	Who are the actors in the regular cast of the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?	Wendee Lee
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program regular cast. tv regular tv appearance actor Johnny Yong Bosch.	 	Who are the actors in the regular cast of the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?	Johnny Yong Bosch
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program country of origin United States of America.		What is the country of origin for the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?	United States of America
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program genre Action.		What genre does the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers belong to?	Action
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program genre Adventure Film.		What genre does the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers belong to?	Adventure Film
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program program creator Haim Saban.		Who is the creator of the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?	Haim Saban
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tv tv program languages English Language.		What languages are spoken in the TV program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?	English Language
Wendee Lee people person profession Voice Actor.		What is the profession of Wendee Lee?	Voice Actor
Wendee Lee people person profession Actor-GB.		What is the profession of Wendee Lee?	Actor-GB